This boss thanks you for your hospitality today
Haha, it's alright, it's alright.
I'm very happy to drink, hahaha.
Ah, that, that vacation dealer thing
Wrap it on me hahahaha
Great, then
Tongue twister
Yes yes yes this is my last proposal
Please also ask Village Chief Zhao to accept it with a smile
Oh, you're welcome.
Fuck you Zhao Xueliang
As the village chief
Eat and take a card
Not only corruption but integrity
Even breaking wind is a problem
How are you boy
What nonsense are you talking about?
You are going to collect money again today.
Going to a high-end hotel to spend again
I often go to some entertainment venues
Comfortable
Are you talking about evidence?
Do you have any evidence?
Oh, you want proof like this.
I'll give you evidence.
How did you get it?
Oh, your uncle
You three are a gang
Ouch, Director Zhao Datong
Unknown biography
You said if I leaked this